The project evaluation I did in class on Feb, 27, was a eye-opening experience. I did not realize that these open source projects can have so much detail.
There is documentation for everything, like how to use the program and how specific features of Atom work. The manual for Atom is so large and long, and there is so much information.

There was nothing hard about filling out the project evaluation, but more so tedious, because me and my partner have to go eye-scanning mode, and scan through pages of documents, or do Ctrl-F to find certain keywords.
One thing I learned while filling out the project evaluation is that it is much harder than I thought it would be to make a code editor like Atom.
There are so many features that I completely took for granted that Atom offers, like grammar and auto correct. I cannot begin to imagine how I would code a auto-correct or autofill like Atom.

I am definitely still interested in Atom after evaluated it. I want to learn more about how certain features of Atom work. This way I can
get a perspective of how to code these features.

My first choice to work on would have either been VScode, because it is a code editor that I currently use, but because Atom was near the top of the list,
and I felt pressured to answer fast when the professor asked "who wants to choose what they want next?", so therefore, I quickly choosed Atom.

**Top Three OpenSource Projects I will be willing to work on**
1. VSCODE
2. Atom
3. Inkscape

**Outside of class contribution**
I added a bus stop on OpenStreetMaps. This bus stop was previously not on openstreetmaps because this bus stop is temporary, and is only there because of construction. I wait at this bus stop everyday, that is why I know it is there.
