**Inkscape opensource progress**: For this week, I decided to build Inkscape again from the source code and fiddle around with some of the features. It runs pretty much the same as it would if I were to install inkscape from the installer. I read some more documentation on inkscape's gitlab like the CONTRIBUTING.md and NEWS, and AUTHORS. The NEWS is pretty much just patch notes of what new things have been changed, and the AUTHORS is a really long list of all authors or contributors. I then went and checked out the issues tab and there are currently, a total of 1,155 issues. 615 are open ,and 540 are closed. I'm looking at the issues that contributors post and they are quite confusing cause I don't have much knowledge is most of the issues. I am going to begin my open source progress for inkscape by analyzing the code and seeing how it works. I am probably going to barely scratch the surface because, personally, it is hard for me to understand code unless someone explains it to me in a lot of detail.


**Coronavirus** : I don’t know what to believe from the media anymore. There are so many conflicting sides and stories for the coronavirus. I see media and people saying that it will only affect older people, and younger people will be fine. Then my dad shows me a news video of a young doctor who got the coronavirus and how much suffering he is going through. The doctor says that he knows what medication is best for him, and when he requests it, nurses treat him like a virus and avoid him. Additionally, the doctor mentions, to the live stream, that he may need to have the tube put down his throat to assist him in breathing. 

**Some more conflicting information:** my parents are telling me to wash my hands and wear the face mask. Then while watching some youtube videos, experts are saying that face masks are useless unless you have this specific one. I can see from some media pages that the symptoms of the coronavirus are a sore throat, fever, coughing, runny nose and difficulty breathing. But in some other media posts, they are saying that coronavirus symptoms are only fever, difficulty breathing, sore throat and coughing. No runny nose or sinus congestion. It is hard to tell if this virus is not that bad and is just being blown out of proportion, or if it is actually super super bad, and is one of the top worst viruses to spread in modern history. I can ask anyone, and they will give me different perspectives or answers. Some people will say it isn't that bad, and some people are so scared that they won't leave the house or will only leave with a lot of protective gear like gloves, masks, and goggles.

