
## Vicky Brasseur talk ##
I found Vicky's Braasseur talk very informaative and helpful. She brought a lot to the table including insider's information. Information like what it is actually like to participate in an open source communitiy. She brought a lot of insight as to what communities are like and the types of people to expect. She told me information that I would have not known if I was just viewing a community from the outside. For example, when applying for a job, you are often told the pros and not the cons. And you are given a perspective that it is great to work here. But Vicky is that person that tells you what the culture, niche is like at work. What kinds of people there are at work. There are some people that are mean, strict, and some people that are kind and outgoing. 

Vicky was really passionate during her speech and really stands for fairness and justice. She pointed out that most times, projects are molded for the creator or owner of the project, rather than for the contributors. I understand Vicky's perspective, and I stand for her too. It was also interesting when Vicky mentioned that Open source isn't a business model but a development model. She really stressed this and says whoever thinks otherwise is someone you should not work for. 

## Code.gov thoughts ##
I think it is great what the government is trying to achieve. Their goal is to support the reuse of code. They want all code developed by / for the Federal Government to be open source so that it can be re-used across all Federal Agencies. This is great because it prevents purchasing custom software that could've been taken from other projects if they projects code was open source. It is great that code is being re-used because it saves a lot of time, and money. Instead of having to recreate everything from scratch and build up a foundation, one can just take a pre-built foundation. One github repo that interested me a little bit is [Code.mil](https://github.com/Code-dot-mil/code.mil). The repo is the open source home for the public-facing website [https://code.mil](https://code.mil/). The reason this interests me a little bit is because I would like to become a web developer, to working on web related tasks interest me. One issue I could start working on for Code.mil is in this [issue](https://github.com/Code-dot-mil/code.mil/issues/240).

## CSSEGISandData Github ##
After looking through the github repository and looking at the desktop application [here](https://www.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html#/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6), I am impressed with the amount of information they have as well as the web application. However, I am completely lost as to how I can provide any useful information to project. I have been staying at home all day, with little to no knowledge of what is going on outside. My only source is the news. How would I be able to provide any information like how many people are currently infected with the COVID-19 in my area, I have no ideaa. The only thing I can see myself potentially contributing to is the desktop web application. However, it already looks really good and I don't see much I would improve or can improve. 

## Contributions ##
I edited the plot section of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows part 2 on wikipedia.
Link [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Harry_Potter_and_the_Deathly_Hallows_%E2%80%93_Part_2&oldid=953180620)
