## What I found / discovered, and what was hard while investigating Wikipedia's pages ##
While browsing wikipedia and trying to look for potential pages to contribute to, I found out how huge Wikipedia is, and how accurate a lot of the information is. It is so hard to find pages to contribute to because most time, there is more information than I would know. And because the information surpases my knowledge, I have no way of confirming it is correct, unless I do research. So instead of looking for pages to contribute to by searching for random wikipedia pages, I start thinking of pages I could potentially edit. I first thought of my laptop, and I thought maybe there is something I can contribute to this specific brand of my laptop. But then after some thinking, I realized I actually know nothing special about the laptop, besides the specficiations and performance. Other than that, I don't know what year it was manufactured, all the variants. So contributing to my laptop was out of the question because I knew like nothing about it.
Then I thought of one of my all time favorite movies, Interstellar, and I'm very passionate about this movie and I noticed all the small details in the movie. And when I read the plot for the movie on wikipedia, I immediately saw changes I could make. And so, I added a lot more detail to the plot of the movie in wikipedia and I actually enjoyed it. 
<br>
### Comments on "Why to report bugs" ###
After reading the post, on why to report bugs, I definitely learned a huge lesson. The lesson on why to report bugs. And i'm guilty of what 
the users are doing, thinking that someone else will do it so that means I probably, most likely, don't have to do it. And this is not just
in terms of reporting bugs but stuff in real life. Such as, thinking my sibling probably did the chore, so that means I don't have to. Then 
afterwards, we all get yelled at. 
<br>
Some of the reasons the author mentions for why people might not report bugs, included thinking someone else has done it, or people 
being too scared to report it because they are afraid to get yelled at. And it seems like this would most likely happen if the
community for the open source project is toxic and mean. The user probably got a first impression of the community, and realized how
strict people can be, or close-minded people can be. And I understand how hard it can be to ask these people questions, because you're afraid of the backlash.
## Kevin Fleming visit ##
I am really glad that Kevin Fleming gave us a presentation on Bloomberg, because I always wanted to learn more about Bloomberg and what exactly Bloomberg does. I have always heard of Bloomberg being a top tech company that almost everyone wants to work for. They offer great pay, and are a reputable name in the tech industry. But I always wondered what they do exactly? Cause I see that they post news articles, so intially I thought they are a news company. But then I see that they do programs and coding related stuff and software, so I thought they do news and software. But after Kevin Fleming's visit, I now understand what they do. And it is actually really interesting to me because I am also starting to get into stocks. I am learning about stocks and the patterns, and what to invest, and when to invest. And to see Kevin Fleming come and talk about Bloomberg and how they specialize in stocks pretty much, is great to hear. I learned that Bloomberg offers a service that helps people. And Bloomberg service has become so essential, that some companies cannot function without Bloomberg's service. 

## Inkscape chronicle ##
For this week, our team met up in a discord chat room to talk about Inkscape. We are all successfully able to build inkscape on our machines, except for MacOS. We were able to build on Ubuntu, and Windows. However, after looking through some issues on Inkscape, we discovered, that as of right now, at this very moment in time, we are unable to progress on the issues for inkscape, because the issues are too difficult. We have no idea how to begin or start with these issues as the code is so big and complex. And a lot of the issues seem to have math knowledge and algorithms. However, we have agreed that we can also work on Inkscape's website, linked [here](https://inkscape.org/). All of use have more experience in web development so we think [https://inkscape.org/](https://inkscape.org/) is a better start. We have also agreed that we should update the documentation for Inkscape. The INSTALL.md for inkscape is really vague and confusing. The INSTALL.md starts with commands, but nowhere does it say that these commands will only work on linux OS. We think we should start by making the INSTALL.md easier to read and have more precise instructions. If new users even have trouble building Inkscape, how can we expect them to start contributing. 
